So let's work on our ingredients list.
The base form is working but of course we got a novel control which we haven't added yet.
Does this array of ingredients.
So when we initialize the form we actually will have one other default value for the recipe ingredients.
This will be a new form array and you should import form array from an angler foreigns this form array
is initialized with a default value of an empty array.
Because we don't have any ingredients by default.
Now with this if that is our default What do we override to here in edit mode.
Well there we will simply need to check if we have any ingredients to begin with because theoretically
you could create a recipe without ingredients.
So here what I want us.
I want to check if my recipe which I load loaded if it does have ingredients.
So if that is defined I know I can safely use them.
So in this case I want to use all the ingredients so I can simply root through them with a form of loop.
So for a single ingredient of my
ingredients I can go through all of them and I can push them onto my recipe ingredients for aere which
has a push method here.
I don't push the ingredient.
I push a new form group instead because I do have two controls which will control a single ingredient
the name and the amount.
So these will be grouped in a form group and here I will have a name which is now a new form control
with a default value of ingredient name and I will have an amount control on the new form control which
has the default value ingredient amount but not name amount.
So data is a form group.
I will push onto this array because again we have two controls here.
Validation will follow later.
And with that we get a default value for recipe ingredients.
If we have a recipe and if this recipe then has ingredients with Dad we can assign the ingredients control
down there and it simply is our recipe ingredients which already is this new form eraser.
So that's looking all right.
Let's see if it works and for that of course we need to synchronize our array with our age team all
code.
So any recipe added component if we scroll down to that section where we want to use the array of first
work on the day which wraps the whole section we're going to use here.
I need to add the form array name directive days.
Then be bound to ingredients because ingredients keep in mind is the name of our format right here.
So that assigns that in this area we're going to handle this array of controls.
Now each control of course is now going to be our row here.
So on this row I can place the form group name directive referring to the individual form group name
because remember in our array we will have four groups as each pair of name and amount control creates
a form group.
Now what's the name of the forum group.
Though we didn't assign it because it's part of the array.
Well we learned how to get this name.
We need to add energy forward to this death and then we can loop through all the ingredients through
all the controls I should say in our array.
So I can loop through the Ingredion control of my recipe for him and there get the ingredients control
get as a method which gives us access to that and here all the controls of this control.
So this gives us access to all the controls and the individual control is now saved in the Ingredion
control property or variable we can use that template and can you extract the index of the current iteration
which will be the name for my form group.
So if property binding I can now blind I here this should give me the form group.
Now we also need to populate these inputs and there it's very easy because now we're inside the form
group and there we have names we have name and amount.
So here we can again use form control name status equal to name for the first control and form control
name equal to amount for the second one.
Let's see if that works as expected.
Well it already looks pretty good to me.
Here we got buns and meat and if we added the schnitzel we got meat and french fries.
So that gets populated correctly.
Does is working as intended with that we got our aere added.
Now of course we also need to add a way for us to dynamically add new items to dead